White Umbrella or Tuk Tuk Tuk Sardok Ba Chimo, also known as Dokkar, Pyomdi, Dema, Dokkarna.
And again, before we begin, this ceremony and part of the ceremony, as many of you already know,
this introduction.
The introduction is a reminding of how important, how precious this teaching is.
And as well as also ourself, or yourself, how important, how precious, how these beautiful
opportunities,
which kind of enlighten me in all these beautiful colleges that are inherent in our nature, bring
up to the full bloom status.
And together with this, again, then connected to the divine and other of the Dorgi, Tuk Tuk Sardok
Ba Chimo, or Pyomdi, Dema, Dokkarna.
And again, I'm going to tell now, and I will be able to tell afterwards, and this is, again,
we stand in our beautiful motivation of the bodhicitta, and as well as we really understand the
nature of the mind.
Mind and nature of all these phenomena exist in that which is so important.
And first, the bodhicitta, again, you all know the bodhicitta, is kindness and compassion,
and support with it, selfishness, selfishness, greedless, thought, thinking of all sent beings,
the wish them best, good, happiness.
And I'm doing also this, taking part of this ceremony, wish that become the great cause to break
your peace, happiness.
Now, in a continually that way, and then become the enlightenment of the Buddha,
which means free from the suffering, difficulty, troubles, full of joy and peace, happiness.
And that is what really means, the Buddha.
So, we give all those best, best thought.
And then, same time, then again, we already understand the nature of the mind, nature of the
phenomena,
because this teaching and the involvement we're taking this part is vedayana teaching.
Vedayana teaching is not just a regular thing, a mundane status.
It is a teaching of beyond of the mundane status as duality conceptions.
Bring up full bloom, the natural status, and that is what it is.
And that's why we're going to connect to also this white umbrella,
because white umbrella, the nature of what we're going to visualize is also beyond the conceptual,
beyond the duality is a kind of almost unimaginable state of the realization and meditating
that we're going to take that place.
So, therefore, so mundane duality conception is not exactly where we connected that.
So, therefore, and to really be strong, kind of be courageous, be openness,
and then without any intellectual and kind of like thinking this and that and all these things,
and just jump right in the state of the vedayana, vedayana in this great secret teaching, mandala.
And that is how we're going to embrace this empowerment and a rigid empowerment.
And now with that understanding, again, we talk a little bit about the white umbrella.
And white umbrella is generally is a Buddha, totally enlightened beings, absolutely Buddha.
And he appeared in this world as he said yesterday when Buddha Shakyamuni meditated,
and in the Kolonchakra meditation known as I'm going to read this text,
which is where I mean just part of this text as introduction.
And in the teaching here said, this is when Buddha moment once upon the time,
or once I heard this teaching, that moment, the Buddha Shakyamuni,
who is residing in a Tushid heaven, right in front of the palace of the Indira,
the king of the gods Indira, and there is the big gathering of the old Sangha members,
olden monks and nuns, and as well as great bodhisattvas.
Together with Indira came Indira, the gods came.
Buddha gathered with that and sitting right there.
And that moment, the Indira put was set up the throne to the Buddha.
And Buddha set on that throne, moment he set that throne,
Buddha entered in the Samadhi known as beholding the Unishika, the Kolonchakra,
the exploring and discovering of the Kolonchakra status.
And moment Buddha entered in that kyaka status, that moment,
then this great Buddha, the white umbrella,
he appeared with full bloom power, full bloom majesty,
dignity, splendor qualities, that will completely destroy all the negative ideas,
no obscurations and obstacles.
Moment he entered that that was diverse, reverse all those negative ideas.
At the same time, the voice came simultaneously,
pay homage to the Buddha, pay homage to the Dharma,
pay homage to the Sangha, pay homage to the millions,
millions and millions of the bodhisattva enlightened beings,
pay homage to the old bodhisattvas and aharas,
and great, great, great enlightened beings
and great bodhisattva who completely embodies the full loving kindness
to all the certain beings.
And these words came simultaneously and he appeared full bloom status.
Full bloom state of this, then I will talk later,
and many of you know practicing the white umbrella,
he is many, many like emanations.
He appeared in that form, that form in many different forms
and many different gestures and many different colors and formations
that all came, came.
And this is what great this white umbrella is,
a white dog garden.
And then he reversed all the negative ideas
and obscurations and obstacles as I said.
See, so this is the white umbrella.
Now, white umbrella also can be,
of course I can talk more these things tomorrow,
it is hard than that, but that's how he appeared right there
and then full bloom of this whole, this certain teaching.
This is the entire, the certain teaching of this white umbrella
where all this different sadness emerged by those great masters.
Sadness are known as then condensate
and more practical instructions of these practices.
So this is the white umbrella.
And now, again, he can be understanding,
standing and discover three different ways.
Those are known as then dharmakaya, sambokaya
and dharmakaya in light beams.
Sambokaya and dharmakaya and sambokaya
and dharmakayas are the different categories of the enlightenment,
qualities that we can discover and explore these natures.
This is not that the Buddha divided that division
in order to make karulek difficult to perceive these enlightened qualities.
But rather our capabilities, according our capabilities,
readiness and then we can perceive these three different levels of the Buddhas.
For example, we are highly enlightened beings,
same as the Buddha, Buddha Shaktamuni and Gaurabhema Sambok.
We can perceive then white umbrella as dharmakaya Buddhas.
Dharmakaya Buddha is beyond the conceptions,
beyond the imagination, the imagination.
And beyond any categories,
it's just only the realization through realization
or mid-realization through realization.
Merged as one central state without any division
and without any distractions.
And fully understand that natural, realize that natural.
And that is known as dharmakaya Buddha of the very white umbrella.
And he is then known as the Buddha Sambodha Badris and the Pandya Palamutas.
Those are all known as the dharmakaya nature, dharmakaya of the white umbrella.
Now again, to perceive this dharmakaya Buddha,
we have to be as totally enlightened beings as Buddha Shaktamuni,
as Meru Gaurabhema Sambodha, as only all of those Buddhas.
That's how we can discover, connect to this Buddha.
That means also we are going to discover dharmakaya Buddha
and the makaya Buddha too.
It's not just we are only going to perceive dharmakaya Buddhas.
When you have the high realization,
you can experience the full quality of the Buddha's nature,
natural enlightenment qualities without left any mysteries
or we don't left anything that we discover complete that nature.
And that is known as the dharmakaya Buddha.
As I said, Sambodha Badri and Sambodha Sambodha Badri
as well as the Pandya Palamutas Naturals.
And then when we have the realization such as great bodhisattvas,
great bodhisattva realization as Bhumi, 10th Bhumi bodhisattva Realizations.
And that means we remove a lot of obstacles and negativities, duality, graspings.
And we have that realization, we can discover Sambodh Gaya,
nature of the mother, white umbrella or the white umbrella.
This is known as then, white umbrella herself is also Sambodh Gaya nature.
Sambodh Gaya nature state of the white umbrella.
And as well as then the five dhyana buddha, the female buddhas,
those are all known as then that the dharmakaya,
the nature of the mother, white umbrella.
And then as well as often in the teachings said,
also Vaidyavarais is known as the Sambodh Gaya nature.
The nature of the white umbrella and white umbrella herself
and life as nakini and sattva.
And Vaidyayogini is many times also mentioned as Vaidyayogini.
Those all are known as then the Sambodh Gaya mother, white umbrella.
Again to discover full realization, full call of this Sambodh Gaya nature,
we have to be as realization similar as like great bodhisattvas.
At 10th, 9th Bhumi bodhisattva then we can experience in full,
not just experience, we can see exactly these great beings
because we are ready to experience and contract or realize these natures
because it is beyond the duality.
Pretty much it is really beyond the duality
because the duality mind cannot proceed and comprehends
or can fit or can adjust this nature completely.
Therefore, it is beyond the most duality status.
And then when we have the kind of duality status,
then we can also experience it again known as then the Narmakaya Buddhas.
These Narmakaya Buddhas as most times like 21 emanations of Madadara
open in the teachings said the Narmakaya Buddhas
and as well as so forth like Vasranakini, Shimsodas,
Matic Lovers and so forth, those all known as Narmakaya Buddhas
and as well as then also the renowned Narmakaya Buddhas
and male Buddhas such as the Buddha Shaktamuni, Gauravayama Sambod.
They are the Narmakaya Buddhas because this in Narmakaya Buddhas
can be perceived with duality beings
and that is how the Buddhas appear in order to benefit that.
So, this is to understand these three Gaya Buddhas
according to our realization level
or according to the compassion and kindness level of the Buddhas
can appear in these three different ways.
And Buddhas are again to benefit all certain beings
and therefore then Buddhas also emanate in the three different ways
to communicating, to helping, to guiding to them
known as the Narmakaya Sambod Gaya, Narmakaya
or according to our realization when we put contract to these three Gayas.
And then again when we are heavily obstacle time
we can communicate, contract with them
and full benefit and all that is then the Narmakaya Buddhas.
And then we know quite high realization beings
such as great Bodhisattva, known as the Sambod Gaya Buddhas
then known as we know fully enlightened beings
again full experience and realization
and that is known as then the Darmakaya Buddhas.
So, there is three different ways to understand
this Darmakaya Buddha
and again mother white umbrella
she is embodying man of all three Gaya Buddhas
not just only Buddha and as I said
said in this chapter in the teaching said
she is embodying man of hundreds millions of the Buddhas
she embodies, embodies all those Buddhas
and all those are in way her emanations
she is the mother of all the Buddhas
in the past, present and in the future
and that is the mother, mother white umbrella
and he is then again in a simple way known as
is the emanation of the mother Tara
Tara or the one of the 21 emanation of the Tara
according that is according present 21 words to the Tara
she is the native, native emanation
of that when you read the text
and again there is very beautiful commentary
by Ken Kipadhe Sheeramaji
it is not just beautiful
I think this is one of the extra only commentaries
that exist in our, really
there is not many commentaries on the Tara
Tara, meaning of 21 words of Tara
such as, as Ken Kipadhe Sheeramaji is commentary
it is quite unique
I mean so far what we see
many great teachers make
and there is not really many commentaries like this
and so this is so far
I mean maybe there is something
is hiding because in the community
there is so many great masters came one after another
but their teachings and works are also kind of in a way
we lost it in a kind of like in the somewhere, in a corner
and in ancient times there is many, many
not many copies can write, only handwriting
so there is not really distributed well
and that could be something they exist in
but otherwise, personally
what you can find there is not really
like such this commentary
as Ken Kipadhe Sheeramaji
so in this, in that verse
is the, I think the ancient
is the, that phrase to the white umbrella
so again, he is, the white umbrella
is the embodiment of all the Buddhas
of the three times
the birth of the old Buddhas
she is the most powerful, renowned, great, great Buddha
that removed all the obstacles
negativities, curse, black maggots
all such as known as ant fields
such as fields from the water
or fire from the different elements
and as well as kings and lords
and cooked sources, bird omens
black maggots and nightmares
anything that really been distributed to us
for the peace of the mind and happiness
and he is very powerful, is a renowned once
and as a great master, Chiang Mooji
the great master Chiang Mooji said
this is the most powerful practices
that even when you practice, practice this
then no matter what, there is no matter
any kind of hurt you
or no matter how much they are powerful
how much they are strong, they cannot hurt you
it is like wearing the Vedara armor
armor to yourself
that can protect every, every problem
every fields in the samsara
that's what the great master Chiang Mooji said
in this text, which is translated roughly in here
so you can read that
I mean this is really the full benefit of that
and this is also a renowned practices in the
old to be the Buddhism
and this teaching of course came from
taught by the Buddha as you see
this is also known as, of course, Varyana teaching
among the Varyana teaching, this is
there is outer tantra and inner tantra
this teaching is known as then
the outer tantras, but again is the outer tantra
with many great masters, and Gopi Maesambhava
or those great master as combined
together with outer tantra
with inner tantra
so outer tantra, inner tantra
teaching, both are combined in this
this teaching and joined as very special
so this is what this teaching is